Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think we should record this part.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, we're gonna start with the CEO roundtable. We're gonna have some special guests there. So you're gonna want to make sure you're on time for this. It's gonna be in person somewhere in galvanize, probably on like the 4th or 5th floor.
Lilliana Robinson: Then we're gonna have Kp, Kpi meeting with the Eirs. Some of the Eirs will be in person for that. Some of them will be virtual, so we'll do like a hybrid thing like we did in the 1st week. That's your last Kpi meeting. Those are with your eirs that are your rotation. 3, not your demo to Eir. So right now you should be working with 2 eirs. It may just happen to be the same one, but for most of you it's not.
Lilliana Robinson: You have one that's working with you on your business progress, who? We're still paying to have weekly meetings with you. So you should have a week, 12 meeting and a week 13 meeting with the person helping you with your business. But then you get 2 practice sessions with the Eir who's interviewing you on stage. So just make sure you're
Lilliana Robinson: actually utilizing that because they're being paid to do those things. So it's on you guys to schedule. We're not like monitoring it.
Lilliana Robinson: Then we're going to do a special ama with techstars leadership. 2 people are flying in, and you'll talk more about this. But this is going to be a really fun session. They're willing to answer anything, anything that you guys want to know about the market, the future of techstars, things that are going to be available to you like innovations that we're doing to make your lives better. And this is a kind of a flux time at techstars. There are a lot of new things coming out so
Lilliana Robinson: they'll share as much as they're allowed to share. And you guys should just come with questions because it's really rare that our founders get to
Lilliana Robinson: meet. Oh, sorry I didn't say, but Shirley is the coo of techstars, and this is the.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: She's like big big dog, like the exact like she was in charge of all of accelerators. She's the coo like she's as the right hand at David Cohen. Like she's very important.
Lilliana Robinson: Right hand, and she's never visited one of our programs before one of Neil and my programs. She's virtually come to stuff. She's she's been in screening committee every single time. So you guys have actually already met her in screening committee. But she's never come in person, and she's offering this session, and then Rachel, who's the best boss ever. She's right above me and Neil. She's our general manager, so she's kind of in between Shirley and Neil. She's also going to come and spend the week with us.
Lilliana Robinson: And she's awesome. So you guys, you guys should prepare some questions for them because they're just willing to open themselves up to answer anything which is awesome. No one's ever had this opportunity in our program. Then Neil's best friend, Mert, who a lot of you have heard a lot about because he's worked with some of you. He's currently building his own venture. So he didn't come into program that much this
Lilliana Robinson: this time around. But the data room curriculum I've been doing with you guys. I built that with Mert.
Lilliana Robinson: He's awesome. He's gonna give his founder story. This is my favorite founder story that we have, and I wanted to make sure you guys heard it, even though he hasn't been super involved with program, because it's gonna make you like, want to run through a wall like, yes, I can do anything. And it's perfect for demo day week. So make sure that you guys are able to come to that. It'll be in person not recorded. Make sure you're there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Flying in to spend the week with us.
Lilliana Robinson: For the whole week. That's great, so he'll be.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He's saying through Demo day.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so you guys will get to talk to more afterwards.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. So he'll like to galvanize on Tuesday and Wednesday. Oh.
Lilliana Robinson: guys, that's a huge opportunity like definitely try and like Grab some time with Mert. Don't overwhelm him, but
Lilliana Robinson: I think you're going to want to talk to him.
Lilliana Robinson: Neil has added this special session for you. I'm gonna let him talk about it Tuesday morning.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: George.
Lilliana Robinson: George! Come on, George!
George Reed - Noetic: You want me to talk about it?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I can't.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, right?
Lilliana Robinson: George is doing his 1st workshop with Neil.
George Reed - Noetic: Exciting stuff. Yeah, I mean, Neil will have a more concise summary of it. But basically, we wanted to leave you all with
George Reed - Noetic: tools that you can use just to better yourselves as people, and that will in turn
George Reed - Noetic: help your business. But it's really about building the foundation of
George Reed - Noetic: you, and how you approach problems, and how you present yourself, and
George Reed - Noetic: how to show up in the best way possible.
George Reed - Noetic: We're breaking that down into like actionable things you can do every day. So basically, how to bring the best part of yourself.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That was great that was really succinct.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we've never done this before. This is a 1st time workshop.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So this came up as something we like thought of and imagined as the program was going on.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I don't know what's gonna happen exactly. But we have some slides, and we have some ideas, and we hope it's a good use of time. But I put the flag on it as optional
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cause. I don't want to pressure you all because you got a lot going on. You got a lot to do. And we we want you to be around for tech starts for life at 10 Am. That same morning. So whoever's like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the true, the true warriors, you're welcome to show up, otherwise we'll record it for everybody else.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So.
Lilliana Robinson: And it's based on some questions you've gotten right like, people are like, How
Lilliana Robinson: how do I become like an operator like you, Neil? And so he just worked with George to put together all these tips and tricks like we said. The most important thing is that you're here at 10 am sharp for techstars for life. This is such an important session. This is like the most important session other than Demo Day for this whole week.
Lilliana Robinson: because this is, you're talking about your post-program life.
Lilliana Robinson: So this is everything you need to know about post program, how to be involved. What is required of you guys like legally, because of the terms you've signed, but also what's available to you as resources, how to connect with us, how to report things to us all of the things you need to know as a business exiting techstars and entering the alumni life.
Lilliana Robinson: So this is one that we've done for years, and it covers everything. And then we're also gonna cover a few like off boarding logistics as well. So that's really really important that you're present for so that you can ask any questions that you have from 10 to 12. This one
Lilliana Robinson: is optional, but I highly but.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And Tesla for life, like, I think timing wise. Correct me if I'm wrong, liana, but it usually ends early.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It usually ends early. Yeah, yeah. So it shouldn't. Shouldn't take the full 2 h, so it won't be too overwhelming. But only if you want to hang around and really get into stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? And then, Annie, I'm gonna call on you, cause this is your session.
Annie Brown: Oh, yeah. Well, this is obviously optional. I have talked to quite a few of the folks in the group about wanting to do. Basically a circle discussion about historically underrepresented founders or being one. The definition of that is in basecamp in the description. We want it to be as inclusive as possible, but also make it a safe space to be like, really honest about
Annie Brown: challenges issues. We've had and yeah, and we also want to invite the the techstars team to join as well anyone who fits the that definition. And yeah. So so yeah, join, join if you can. And I'm gonna order pizza for us.
Annie Brown: So and I'll kind of be facilitating. But really, it's just like, kind of a casual lunch chat.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Annie Brown: And anyone who has questions about it feel free to ping me on on basecamp or Whatsapp.
Lilliana Robinson: Any. This is so great. Unfortunately, we're going to be at lunch with Shirley at this exact time to join us, but if you host, one in the future I absolutely will come.
Annie Brown: Well, I will be here, so I would love. I would love to do once in the in the future, and and just help with that, or whatever I can do. So that's great.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? And then we're gonna do off boarding meetings. This is something Neil and I implemented many programs ago, probably 4 or 5 ago, because we realized we want to.
Lilliana Robinson: We are what we consider like
Lilliana Robinson: a white glove service. So we want to hear from you what can be better? Give us all of your feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: We want to change. We keep logs of these things, and then we review them as a team in a postmortem, and then we implement them. So we have an iteration process that we do every time we kind of treat this program like our own startup, as you guys know. So these are really important to us.
Lilliana Robinson: But it's also important to you guys. It's kind of like a nice closure. On the end of your program experience. You'll always be part of our program. But you're not going to be in program. So these are our off boarding meetings. You'll have 15 min, and we'll just go through, and we'll have a few questions for you. But we'll also just leave it open, ended to hear about your experiences.
Lilliana Robinson: And then this aw.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, sorry. One more thing on that, Liliana. I just realized I I noticed, that some founders don't recall our open door policy to return to program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Some of you have heard about it. Some of you have reminded you about it, but just as once and for all reminder.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I just have this like very informal loose commitment to all of my founders that they can come back
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to any one of my programs if they'd like to participate again.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So there's a little bit of nuance to what that means and like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: which activities you actually do participate in versus which ones you don't. But for the most part you're welcome to 80% or more of what the program experience will continue to be.
Lilliana Robinson: Perfect. So for this aws investor event, we're gonna just hold off because we're still confirming some details here. So I'll follow up with a message about that. Once we talk to our aws. Rep.
Lilliana Robinson: This one is really great. And Wednesday morning I didn't make this optional because I used to make it optional. And then I realized, everyone needs to be there. Chloe does a great job giving you guys some public speaking tips. We always do it like with a day or 2 before Demo Day, because this is kind of like the cream on top
Lilliana Robinson: of your Sunday, which is your demo day set. So you all have your demo day set, but this is like the polishing things you can do to just make it great. And Chloe is coming off of a lot of experience with public speaking, and she'll talk about her experience. I'm not going to spoil it, but it's really fun, and this is a very fun and engaging session that she's put together. It's it's great and it's good to hear from Chloe. I think this is her
Lilliana Robinson: only session during program. That's just done by her. And it's really great.
Lilliana Robinson: Then we're going to do our final 12 by 12. This one's usually quite emotional. It's not like right now, where we're just going through our week. It's a reflection on the whole program. And this is our last official programming of the whole program. It always is. So once we're done with this, the program will have concluded, and it'll be really nice to reflect on everything. This is probably my favorite session during this final week.
Lilliana Robinson: And then, lastly, we do this really fun. Pitch practice is completely optional. So if you want to leave after the 12 by 12. Go, practice your pitch, do whatever you need to do rest.
Lilliana Robinson: But we're going to have this really fun. Final cohort pitch practice where we practice distraction techniques this roots from all the way back when Troy was managing director, and then Brad took over. And now Chloe and I run this and we're gonna distract you. So we'll play music. We'll try and talk to you. We'll throw crumpled up paper toward you, and you're going to have to keep giving your pitch, and everyone will get to go multiple times. And the whole point is that
Lilliana Robinson: in the actual room it's not gonna be dead silent, like where you practice right now where we are on pitch practice. And we say, Okay, go ahead, and we're all on mute, and you get the floor. Anything could happen like the lights could flicker, people could cough like someone's phone might ring, and you still need to give your pitch without.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The mic has stopped working.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that has happened.
Lilliana Robinson: Or and you just need to switch it out. So we're gonna practice with distraction techniques. So this is going to be a really really helpful session. But if you feel like you have other things that are need to be prioritized. That's why it's optional. Ours like to join, too, because they like to be part of the fun. So we'll have a lot of fun with it. I really like the session and that people have found it helpful. But it's up to you guys. Thursday.
Lilliana Robinson: as you all know, Demo Day was originally on Thursday. So now you have this extra practice day our team will be having some meetings in the in galvanize. So if you want to snag us or try and have some final pitch practice with us. That's totally cool. We can let you know. Sometimes we're available, and then we can go in a conference room and and hear you pitch. Otherwise you don't have to come into the office this day if you want to, just
Lilliana Robinson: like get in the Zone at home and do your pregame ritual, whatever you need. That's fine, too. This is a really rare opportunity that we have a day to just like mentally prepare for Demo Day. So that's pretty cool.
Lilliana Robinson: And then demo Day, we have a full run of show that we're going to post. But, like I said, in the weekly overview for this week.
Lilliana Robinson: Ceos especially, but mostly everybody needs to be there by 9 sharp.
Lilliana Robinson: We're gonna take attendance. We're gonna make sure everyone's there. I think they're gonna give you guys like a little coffee bar, and then we're gonna get started with our rehearsal for about 3 h. Then they're providing lunch
Lilliana Robinson: which is so nice of them. And Chloe and I are gonna implement a rule from 1230 to 2 30. That's where you guys have downtime. You need to be or sorry till 3. You need to be back at Google by 3
Lilliana Robinson: because of the extensive security. It's not going to be like, you can just come and go. So at 1230 the Googlers are going to take a batch of people who would like to leave. So if you need to go go home, have meetings. Usually a lot of the founders might want to go get.
Lilliana Robinson: They're like, change into their actual Demo day outfit or finish getting ready at home. If you don't come fully ready at 9 Am. You can also bring in and get ready at Google. But it's gonna be like you either stay or go. You're not gonna come and go through those like 2 and a half hours. So at 1230, we're gonna take a group down. We'll be ready to bring you guys back up at 3. But if you stay, you're gonna stay. And you're not really gonna be able to leave. So we're gonna provide you food. You can have downtime, but it's not like
Lilliana Robinson: People shuffling in and out because we just don't have the Googlers to key card you up and down the whole secure building. Does that make sense? Does anyone have questions about that?
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I would. I will say everything that you could possibly need will be at Google. So it's a good place to stay like you'll have places where you can work on your laptop, and you can eat and you can get ready. They have really large restrooms. We can get ready there. It's not going to be a problem.
Lilliana Robinson: The one thing Chloe already told you about Kpis yesterday is to not have calls scheduled because they're not providing a Co. Working space for us.
Lilliana Robinson: so I'm assuming we'll have Wi-fi. I don't know how reliable the Wi-fi will be for everyone to be working, because it's like a guest wi-fi and you certainly will not have like a private space to take calls.
Lilliana Robinson: They're doing us so many favors. So we're gonna be good guests.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't want us to ask them to make exceptions to find phone booths for us, or anything like that. If you have calls during the downtime of 1230 to 3
Lilliana Robinson: one, we told you to block the whole day. But I understand things come up. You probably need to leave and walk over to galvanize, and you can use galvanize as a space for that time.
Lilliana Robinson: Dave, do you have a question about them?
Dave Scott: Not about that. But any. What's the parking strategy?
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Parking info will be dropped with the daily, with the run of show. On Monday.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, they sent us it.
Dave Scott: Sorry, what! What will be.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: The parking info will will come on Monday. But Google doesn't have dedicated parking plan on street parking parking at galvanize or ride sharing.
Lilliana Robinson: They had some recommendations in their in their document, but just like most places in San Francisco.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, there's a there's a parking lot next to galvanize. That's like 25 bucks for the day. If you show up early.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: which is pretty good.
Lilliana Robinson: Good deal, and then you can just walk over. We walked to Google from galvanize quite a bit during Sf, tech week. I think it's like a
Lilliana Robinson: like a 1015 min walk. Not bad cool, so we're not.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sorry to interrupt you, and I know Annie had her hand raised. I just wanted to also clarify. For the off boarding meetings. I have to apologize in advance. I will be taking those remotely
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because I will be prepping dinner for the team that I'm hosting at my house that night.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's the only reason there. But I will be present. And and in those conversations still.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think we're gonna have Chloe in there, too, to help take notes.
Annie Brown: Yeah, I just had a quick question about the setup of the stage. For the for the slide that's behind us. Will our chairs be like basically covering the bottom half of the slide like, how should we format our slide if we want to show text.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, close.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What a pro move question! That's such a good question, Annie. Well done.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Good question. The screens will be above your head.
Annie Brown: Okay.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So no small text at the very bottom, but like it should be, everything should be more or less visible. I'll see if I can pull a picture of like what the stage sort of looks like. It's not a huge elevated stage. It's a really really cool space. I don't know if you all know this. But this is Google's product launch space. It's where they announce
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: new stuff coming out of Google. So we'll have sort of directors chairs for the er conversation, and it'll be really really clean and cool. So I'll pull some pictures for you guys.
Annie Brown: And if I'm bringing like
Annie Brown: the the posters for the reception and stuff I just bring that in the morning, and I'll.
Lilliana Robinson: Green room. There's going to be a little green room where our founders that where the Ceos will go and come out of for the actual event. I think the co-founders will be in the crowd to cheer on everybody, and you can put in there. Everyone's bags will be in there.
Annie Brown: Well.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Also.
Lilliana Robinson: Needs to bring stuff for the reception you can put in the green room.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah, we'll also help you figure out where things need to go. And it's looking like that CEO Green Room will be able to live, stream the pitches from the other room, so you'll still get to see everything in in real time, which will be sweet.
Florence Ettlin: Check.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, they're doing a lot to accommodate you guys which is so sweet. Go ahead, flow.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah. So does that mean we can be together right before we go on.
Lilliana Robinson: You're gonna be separated. Traditionally, the Ceos are separated. We have them like off stage.
Florence Ettlin: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Like basically queued up to go just like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It sounds like it's that's gonna be a problem for them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm here.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, my God! No!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's how we. That's not how we do things here. Collab is collaborative.
Annie Brown: I could put on like a black curly wig, and just like
Annie Brown: need to like hold my hand.
Florence Ettlin: That's me that's good.
Lilliana Robinson: There you go. You can give Annie a hug before it'll be good.
Lilliana Robinson: You're out volunteering any.
Annie Brown: Anytime anytime. It's an honor.
Lilliana Robinson: I love that. That's not gonna work for us. No, but you need flow in the audience so that you can see her when you're pitching versus like hidden in another room, we always have the co-founders in the 1st or second row, to be those familiar faces along with our program team
Lilliana Robinson: cool. Okay, so you guys will be back at 3. Pm, if you choose not to stay, we'll bring you guys up the doors open at 3 30 for our guests.
Lilliana Robinson: So it's 3 Pm. Sharp that you need to be back. We'll take attendance again to make sure everyone's there, and then we'll tidy up the space. Make sure everything's where it needs to be, and we'll open the doors to our guests. And you guys will be hosts. You'll welcome people. You'll get to mingle a bit for about 30 min. We'll have some light snacks and refreshments, and then we'll start, and then we'll have heavier food and drink during the reception.
Lilliana Robinson: Neil, do you want to talk about the committing to the after party.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, yeah, yeah. So I mean, it's karaoke. Right? Agadina, we got this alright. So we're doing karaoke on Friday night again. Part 2.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But this is gonna be, you know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we're we're gonna be more. We're gonna be a little more organized this time, as far as I'm concerned. So it'll be good, thanks to Monica.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I just need to know who's actually coming, because we're trying to decide whether we want to get one giant room or 2 smaller rooms.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we'll we'll send something out to get your commitments. But I'm hoping that everyone's in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, maybe you can. Just
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's okay if you just like fall asleep in the room, you know, like we'll just like make fun of you and draw like circles on your, you know, eyes or something. We'll do something funny.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but you know I know everyone will be gassed, and some of you have probably have other commitments, but if you're willing to come hang afterwards. I think it'll be very cathartic.
akadinayadegar: I'll send out a survey like right after this call.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Checked.
akadinayadegar: And let us know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Laser tag, no.
Lilliana Robinson: Honestly, I haven't to go to Laser Tag, but
Lilliana Robinson: I think the team has voted on Karaoke.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There we go, cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright, and then I think we have one last thing right, Liliana. I should tell them a little bit more.
Lilliana Robinson: Back by our special guests.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So let me stop recording.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But whoever is watching this and not in this call right now
Neal Sáles-Griffin: make sure that you hear what we're gonna say, that isn't recorded.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: How do I stop it?